README.md, before:

# DuoTone dark amethyst

A double-hue syntax theme for Atom.

<img alt="DuoTone dark" sizes="272px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573603/8465c170-c3c0-11e5-8796-2c2925c88036.png">

DuoTone dark amethyst uses only 2 hues (purple & another purple ;) and has 7 shades in total. It __tones down__ less important parts (like punctuation and brackets) and highlights only the __important__ ones. This leads to a more calm color scheme, but still lets you find the stuff you're looking for.

<img alt="CSS in DuoTone dark" sizes="780px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573601/84559f34-c3c0-11e5-9b01-b542b7752c72.png">

<img alt="HTML in DuoTone dark" sizes="780px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573602/8462c718-c3c0-11e5-94e9-843866bdd156.png">

> The font in the screenshot is `Fira Mono`. You can download it from https://github.com/mozilla/Fira


### Currently tested and optimized for these languages:

- C
- Clojure
- CoffeeScript
- C#
- CSS
- GF Markdown
- Go
- Haskell
- HTML
- Java
- JavaScript
- JSON
- Less
- Perl
- PHP
- Python
- Ruby
- SASS
- SCSS
- Stylus
- (La-)TeX
- XML
- YAML

More optimization to come..

### Issues and contributing

If you would like to create a new __Issue__ or __PR__, please do so in:

- __this repo__ if it's about __color__ changes, like in `colors.less` or `syntax-variables.less`.
- __[DuoTone master template](https://github.com/simurai/duotone-syntax)__ if it's about __everything else__, like in improving language support. Changes will trickle down into this theme too.

Commit message:

Updates to stay in sync with DuoTone Dark Syntax. Brighten gutter-text-color-selected and push to 1.0.0.

README.md, after:

# DuoTone dark amethyst

A double-hue syntax theme for Atom.

<img alt="DuoTone dark" sizes="272px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573603/8465c170-c3c0-11e5-8796-2c2925c88036.png">

DuoTone dark amethyst uses only 2 hues (purple & another purple ;) and has 7 shades in total. It __tones down__ less important parts (like punctuation and brackets) and highlights only the __important__ ones. This leads to a more calm color scheme, but still lets you find the stuff you're looking for.

<img alt="CSS in DuoTone dark" sizes="780px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573601/84559f34-c3c0-11e5-9b01-b542b7752c72.png">

<img alt="HTML in DuoTone dark" sizes="780px"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53810/12573602/8462c718-c3c0-11e5-94e9-843866bdd156.png">

> The font in the screenshot is `Fira Mono`. You can download it from https://github.com/mozilla/Fira


## Language support

DuoTone themes are optimized for many languages:

> C, Clojure, CoffeeScript, C#, CSS, GF Markdown, Go, Haskell, HTML, Java, JavaScript, JSON, Less, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, SASS, SCSS, Stylus, XML, YAML...

More optimizations to come. See the growing list of [all languages](/styles/languages).


## Variations

Here a list for all [DuoTone themes](https://atom.io/themes/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=keyword:duotone). Or at least the ones that have the `duotone` keyword added. :grin:


### Issues and contributing

If you would like to create a new __Issue__ or __PR__, please do so in:

- __this repo__ if it's about __color__ changes, like in `colors.less` or `syntax-variables.less`.
- __[DuoTone master template](https://github.com/simurai/duotone-syntax)__ if it's about __everything else__, like in improving language support. Changes will trickle down into this theme too.
